fix: fix and update the tutorials for `0.17` (#744)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: proof-of-file-existence/tutorial/02-pofe-chain.md

# Building our PoFE blockchain using Starport

> We can scaffold our application by running `starport scaffold chain github.com/user/pofe`. This creates a new folder called `pofe` which contains the code for your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can scaffold our application by running `starport scaffold chain github.com/user/pofe`. This command creates a new folder called `pofe` that contains the code for your app.
```
